♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Ryder] "Pups Save the Bay."
Hey, Ryder. What's up?
Hey, Rocky. I'm tuning up my ATV.
Need a pup to lend you a paw?
I'd love some help. Could you
grab me a pair of pliers, please?
You got it. Grabber. [barks]
[whirring]
Thanks, Rocky.
Boy, oh, boy!
Keeping track of how many whales
are in Adventure Bay sure is tough.
They keep swimming away!
How do you say, "Come back
so I can count you" in whale talk?
Oh, here it is.
[making whale noises]
[crashing]
Ooh, that doesn't sound like a whale.
Uh-oh!
Ahoy there!
Are you all right?
I'm okay, but I think I hit a rock.
The boat has a hole
and it's started leaking oil.
Don't worry! I know who to call!
-[Ryder] Wrench.
-[Rocky] Wrench.
[Ryder] Screwdriver.
[Rocky] Screwdriver.
[phone ringing]
Pup Pad.
-[beeps]
-Ryder here.
Ryder, big, big, big emergency on the bay.
A boat ran into the rocks.
It's leaking oil!
Oil? That's really bad
for the animals in the bay.
It sure is. We have to keep
the oil off the fish and birds
and all the sea life around here.
It can make them really sick. Uh-oh.
What is it, Cap'n?
Some whales headed this way!
[whale singing]
Stay back!
[makes whale noises]
[whale singing]
Whoa! Look out!
-[groaning]
-[gasps]
Oh no! The baby whale
got covered in oil!
This is terrible, really terrible.
We're on our way, Cap'n!
[makes whale noises]
[clears throat] I mean, thanks and hurry!
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
[beeps]
Mm-mmm! I can hardly wait
to try this new pup food.
-[beeps]
-PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
[laughs]
Uh-oh!
Here I come!
[Marshall grunts]
Marshall, you okay?
Mmm! Does this new pup food
have extra cheese?
Let's go!
Mmm.
[all barking]
Yeah!
Whoa!
[all grunt]
[chuckles] I guess I should
make a joke about being clumsy.
[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
-[beeps]
-Okay, pups,
Adventure Bay has a big emergency.
A boat is spilling oil into the bay.
Whoa! That'll totally mess up the beach
and all the wildlife around it.
A baby whale already swam
through the spill.
[groans]
-[gasps]
-Uh-oh!
[Ryder]
The oil can irritate an animal's skin
and make it hard for it
to eat and breathe.
We need a rescue team out there
to clean up the whale
and the water… fast.
[beeps]
Zuma, I'll need you and your hovercraft
to help stop the spill.
Let's dive in!
[beeps]
Marshall, I need you and your fire hose
to clean off the baby whale.
I'll ask Katie to help.
I'm fired up!
This job might need
a lot of helping paws.
The rest of you pups standby.
-Sure thing.
-Yeah!
Count on us.
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
[barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-Whoo! Yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-Yay! [barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[laughs] Whoa!
Whoa!
-Yes!
-♪ Zuma! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barking]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-Whoa!
-♪ Marshall! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
[tires squeal]
[siren blaring]
-[beeps]
-[Ryder] Life jacket deploy!
[beeps]
[siren blaring]
[tires squeal]
Hi, Katie.
Thanks for helping.
No problem, Marshall.
I brought special soap
to wash the oil off the baby whale.
And I brought water. [barks]
[barks]
[meows]
Oops! Sorry, Cali.
[groans]
The sooner we plug the hole,
the less oil we'll have to clean up.
And we need to wash off the little whale.
Do you have anything I could use
to plug the hole
and keep the oil from spilling, Captain?
How about this?
A boat bumper!
Perfect!
It fits!
That will stop the oil leak, until you can
get to a dock and fix it properly.
Thanks, Ryder!
No problem.
Now it's time to clean up the baby whale.
Have you seen her, Cap'n?
No, I haven't, Ryder.
But she shouldn't be far.
We need to get that whale to the beach,
so Marshall and Katie can clean her off.
You have anything
we can lure the whales with?
I've got plenty of fish on board.
Great! Zuma, your buoy.
[barks] Buoy.
Cap'n, if you load up Zuma
with some fish,
the little whale
might just follow him to shore!
Great idea, Ryder.
I think it's working.
Come and get it!
Katie, Marshall, get ready!
I brought a whale of a cleaning job.
[chuckles] I'm glad I brought
my extra big brushes.
[groans]
Don't worry. We'll just clean
you up while you have a snack.
This is special soap to get the oil off
without hurting your skin.
Don't worry. It feels good.
[sighs]
See? Bath time's not so bad.
Now we need something
to keep this oil from spreading.
[Turbot] I don't have anything
that could contain a spill this big.
Hmm… We'll have to make something.
[beeps]
-Rocky.
-Hey, Ryder. What do you need?
I need lots and lots of towels
to make something to clean up this oil.
Sure thing, Ryder.
Meet me at the dock
with whatever you find.
Green means go.
[tires squeal]
Wow, Rocky. You got a ton of towels.
[Zuma] Yeah, dude. You scored.
All the pups worked together.
We have to save Adventure Bay.
Okay, we'll twist the towels tight,
then tie them together.
That'll make a kind of big mop
to drag across the water
and pick up all the oil, like this.
See the way it soaks up water?
We can do the same with our towel boom.
-Cool.
-I get it.
But that's going to be
a lot of towel tying.
Good thing we have the right tools.
[barks] Pincers.
Good idea, Rocky.
Take it away, guys.
[Ryder] Good work, Zuma.
We've soaked up most of the oil
before it got on any more animals.
Whoo-hoo! [barks]
Okay. And now…
Rinse. [barks]
Hose!
[chuckles]
[sings]
Whoa!
Oh! Ow! Oh! Ee! Ow!
[grunts]
[chuckles]
I guess I needed a rinse too.
Now you're all safe and clean.
[whimpers]
But I bet you miss your mommy.
-[whale sings]
-Oh! I think she's waiting for you.
[whale sings]
[both] Aw…
Thanks, Ryder.
The tanker is off to get that hole fixed
and your towel boom
soaked up the oil on the bay.
The PAW Patrol really saved the day.
Glad we could help, Cap'n.
Whenever there's trouble,
just yelp for help.
[whale singing]
What did she say?
I think she said thanks. [chuckles]
Hey, did you hear that?
Great job today, pups.
[all barking]
Hmm, there's just one more thing.
Skye, you know what to do.
Sure thing, Ryder. [barks]
[all cheering]
-♪ You're all good pups ♪
-[barks]
♪ And we saved the day ♪
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
Now that they're fed,
let's get you pups all fed.
Back to the Lookout!
[barking and cheering]
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[whales singing]
[theme song playing]